if you received a call from a distressed girl from
the past that gradually becomes your time warp bff
but switches into psychopath mode and tries to
murder you and your whole family what would you
do in this how to beat video we follow Seo-
Yeon look at the mistakes she made and figure
out what we would do in order to survive and
ultimately beat the call if you like this type
of video consider leaving a like and subscribe
Seo-Yeon is on her way back to her child at home
i am not sure how she intended to arrive there but
without the help of the local strawberry farmer
the opening scene would be a pretty long one
once they arrive we learn that she has lost
her phone somewhere along the way and of course
in 2019 this is a pretty big deal since her mom
is bedridden in a hospital she desperately needs a
phone to communicate as she looks through her old
house she finds a cordless phone plugs it in and
calls her lost cell phone the people who answer
and found the phone aren't much helpful and demand
a reward just before they hang up it doesn't take
long and the phone rings the first time when she
picks up the voice on the other side mentions in
much distress how her mom is insane and that she
got locked up in her room both conclude the caller
must have dialed the wrong number wrong number
or not that is a pretty weird call to receive
but it gets even crazier after Seo-Yeon comes back
from visiting her father's grave the phone rings
again this time the caller mentions how her mom is
trying to kill her and that somebody must help her
at best it's a terrible joke and at worst somebody
is about to die either way you are the only one
aware and therefore the only one with the power to
do something if i received a call like that i'd be
pretty stressed out i would at least call the
cops and let them know about the content of the
weird calls i'm receiving even if it's just to put
my mind at ease she goes for a nap instead this
woman must have a pretty healthy sleep pattern if
i spend some quality time in this creepy old villa
and received frequent calls like that i would
probably reach out for some xanax or just leave
yeah that's the last thing i would want to happen
i see two options here you either go check it out
which you should if you plan on continue sleeping
or you pack your stuff and leave if you decide
to check it out at least arm yourself chances are
pretty high that that was coming from an intruder
according to the state of this house it looks
like nobody has lived in it for quite some time
if i were homeless a serial killer or someone on
the run estates like this one would be my first
choice of hideout but of course she ignores the
rationales and goes to have a look barehandedly
turns out it was just a portrait that fell down
lucky this time but something still doesn't
seem right when she tries hanging it back on she
figures out that there is a hidden part behind the
wall i don't know about you all but if i found a
secret part of my house i'd be pretty freaked out
if this is a house in which you have lived
for several years but never noticed this
secret part existed it could very well mean that
somebody built it in after you abandoned the house
if that's the case then you probably don't want
to go check it out on your own when she goes
checking out the hidden part against all logic
she finds a box with some creepy content in it
among items straight from the exorcist she
finds a diary that explains the daily tortures
the owner had to go through next to the diary she
finds a photo of a woman about the same age as her
that was shot 20 years ago exactly one day
before our main character's father died
coincidence i don't think so after receiving
another call our character concludes that the
caller is the owner of the diary and the same girl
that was tortured 20 years ago what seems to be
impossible at first turns out to be true after our
main character successfully predicts future events
that are about to happen to the caller in the past
it is easy to think that this whole story is a
pretty cool thing to experience both have their
fair share of problems both share the same age
it's a perfect combination to cope with each
other's difficulties in life but playing with time
is a very dangerous thing and the person who is
in the future is the person with the least power
if you are able to talk to a person in the past
then you hold all the power until the point where
you start sharing information even the most basic
things like names carry a lot of weight with them
the future person cannot change the past yet the
person in the past can freely change the future so
both are in similar position until information is
shared but once information is shared the person
in the past starts to grow in power with each new
bit received everything you share with the past
can and will be used against you so you must be
very careful on what you say the most important
thing therefore for our main character would be to
take a minute and think carefully it isn't a very
difficult concept to grasp and she seems to be a
rather bright person if i were in her position i
sure would enjoy the scenario as well but for the
sake of my families and my safety i would take use
of an alias and make up a fake story about myself
until i have figured out more about the person i'm
talking to because if this person is messing up
my past it will automatically affect my present
but she doesn't give it a second thought i
assume she too was so socially hungry that she
just ignored all the red flags and just enjoyed
being of value to someone else and let's be honest
being able to predict the future makes you a
pretty cool person it doesn't take long until
our characters have this stupid idea to prevent
our main character's father from dying in the past
causing her to skip over to an entirely different
timeline where the father is still alive
while nobody around here seems to have noticed
a change she seems to remember everything from
before but later more to that the single
best thing to do after this timeline switch
would be to destroy the phone and never look back
this would cause this timeline to remain until
the end but of course it isn't that simple after
all a complete stranger from the past just saved
your father from dying naturally you feel very
thankful and unfortunately very indebted what
happens next is pretty insane our main character's
life turns all flowery and beautiful she eats with
both parents goes shopping with them and just
enjoys the wholesome nature of an ordinary family
through the pure bliss she's experiencing
she starts to neglect the relationship she
has formed with the caller from the past the big
problem is if she could bring back your father
she definitely has the power to take him away
again too sure preventing someone from dying
and taking someone's life or two very different
things for that you must be a resentful psychopath
yeah i'm not sure if you want to keep this
friendship alive a friend who cannot partake
in your happiness isn't the friend to begin with
and someone you probably want to stay away from
but to be fair while our main character is
wearing fancy clothes and shiny nail polish
the girl in the past is still being
tortured and fed pet food daily
i'd probably grow pretty resentful too if the only
thing i get to eat is raw grass while watching
chicken commercials the big problem here is making
the stranger from the past to save her dead is
causing a big moral dilemma the contrast between
each character's life has shifted dramatically
while one is in heaven the other one is in hell
the only rational thing the main character can do
is to help the caller from the past and
tell her how to escape her mother's insanity
and pay back her debts to be fair this is a
thing every single person in her shoes would do
fact is you owe your whole life to her
and this person is living through hell
every single day with no means to escape apart
from the possibility of your intervention
even if you disregarded that person completely
and destroyed the phone instead it would hunt your
conscience until the end of time the best thing
she could have done before instructing the girl
from the past on how to escape would have been to
consult as many people as possible that knew her
chances are they would have mentioned that she
was sick and a threat to society but even knowing
all of that would you really leave that girl back
in hell after she has made your life the happiest
you've ever experienced our main character can
bear the emotional dilemma and tells the girl
from the past about the impending death she will
face with this information she successfully dodges
the attack of her mother during the following
night causing in the mother's death instead we
don't know yet for sure but it seems like an
animal has been freed with no way of return
in the following events the local strawberry
farmer pays a visit to both families at the same
time 20 years apart unfortunately he discovers
the body parts of the murdered mother inside
the fridge case proven this girl is officially a
psychopath murdering someone out of self-defense
is acceptable but chopping that person up and
stuff it into your fridge next to your veggies and
kimchi is freaky and makes me want to skip my next
meal she inevitably has to get rid of the farmer
causing him to have never existed in the future
oddly enough nobody seems to remember him apart
from seijon proving that it's her consciousness
that is moving through different timelines other
than people vanishing or appearing like the movie
wants us to believe our main character naturally
concludes that something must have happened
to the friendly farmer and for once she starts
out pretty smart she inquires around the whole
neighborhood and finds out that he was murdered
by her time war bff she gets to see confidential
police notes she reads the newspaper of the past
and she even directly talks to a woman in the
neighborhood that was assaulted by the girl
from the past in her childhood and everyone is
telling her the same thing that she is dangerous
even though she has all this information she
is stupid enough to perform the dumbest move
of the century when she is receiving the
next call she freely shares her concerns
look first of all you have never even met
this person plus you had at least three
sources telling you back to back that this girl
is a murdering psychopath and yet you still had
to confront her directly i am not sure she has
understood that she is connected to the past
if she thought just a second or two about the
events of the past week that caused her whole life
to turn downside up and added one and one together
she would have realized to never touch that phone
ever again every change that has happened
so far in this movie was orchestrated by her
giving information to the past but i somehow
understand how she wants to confront her directly
after all she must feel pretty guilty but the
best thing she could do without effing things
further up is to pay her a visit at the prison
where she's held captive in the present that
way she can freely express her emotions without
causing any further damage the girl from the past
isn't the brightest girl but she definitely knows
about the power she holds even the dumbest person
becomes god-like when knowing the future she
pressures our main character in giving her more
information about how she got caught logically
the most important bits of information are what
the evidence is as well as the date of her
capture our main character realized that
this phone call was a very bad idea and rips out
all the cables so she can't be reached anymore
smart move but a bit too late what she should have
done instead was buying time everything is about
time right now the easiest way to do that is to
give false information to the past that can't be
figured out easily i would have told the girl
from the past to give me two hours so i can go
to the local police station and gather as much
evidence-based information about her capture as
possible this is a believable story that buys you
a lot of time plus makes you sound like a powerful
and reliable ally during those two hours i would
script the perfect story that promises the girl
from the past false security hopefully causing
her to lower her guard here's how i would do that
firstly i would tell her a later date than when
she was captured causing her to feel less under
pressure secondly i would go through each case
covering the murders of the mother as well as a
strawberry farmer and make up a believable story
without sharing the crucial bits of information
that caused her capture the best way to do that
is sharing real information to make you believable
but use information that holds no relevance in her
capture that way you earn trust while you plot a
lethal strike at the same time unfortunately
our character does nothing of the like
but is visibly worried and she should be because
there is a psychopath targeting her right now as
we speak and there is no chance to interfere in
any physical way the only power she holds would
be the power of deception but she doesn't seem to
be aware of it and at the same time this happens
terrible timing for a visit and again the
following events were completely avoidable
if she answered the phone call from before
with a strategy in mind which would have been
possible if she at one point thought about
what it means to be able to talk to the past
she jumps into a new timeline where no happy life
seems to be found when she's rushing back home she
finds an abandoned house implying she has never
lived here in the first place naturally she gets
emotional but this isn't the time for any more
stupid decisions but what our main character does
is generally a very smart idea and in accordance
with the method i have mapped out before
she tries to lure the girl from the past into a
trap through giving her false information what
she's trying to do is sending her to a place where
there will be a gas leak explosion hoping she will
die in that accident in order to lure her over
she tells her that she will be able to retrieve
the evidence there that would normally cause her
capture what seems to be a very smart idea is
carried out terribly wrong there was one crucial
detail that she didn't consider she actually
mentions what the evidence was that made the
capture possible which is a big mistake because
that means if for some reason her plan fails and
the girl in the past doesn't die the fight will
be over pretty quickly since the girl in the past
now exactly knows what she needs to find in order
to avoid her capture and unfortunately this is
exactly what happens causing another timeline
switch where the psychopathic girl from the past
was never imprisoned and still lives in this house
at this point our main character has
already committed so many mistakes by
trying to change the past in her favor it becomes
increasingly difficult to save the situation
up until now every time she tried to set things
straight she messed things further up making the
situation much more complicated and causing me a
very serious headache at this point in the movie
the single best thing she can do is to visit the
cops and report everything she knows about the
murders the girl from the past has committed she
just needs to pay attention to not sound like she
is crazy if she does it right chances are very
high that cops would investigate and discover
countless evidence helping to finally convict the
psychopath and at least set that part of the story
straight again but before she can do that there is
one last important thing that must be done first
destroy the phone because as long as a future
psychopath has the ability to talk to her
past self she is in control of pretty much
everything making it impossible or at least
very difficult to catch her while it
might be too late for a happy ending
if things are done correctly from here on it can
still turn out acceptable as opposed to what will
happen if she tries to save the situation
one more time like she does in the movie